Docs 3386 update dataset articles new (#1613)
truenas/documentation: content/_includes/FusionPools.md

Fusion Pools are also known as ZFS allocation classes, ZFS special vdevs, and metadata vdevs (**Metadata** vdev type on the **Pool Manager** screen.).

{{< expand "What's a special VDEV?" "v" >}}

> A special VDEV can store meta data such as file locations and allocation tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A special VDEV can store metadata such as file locations and allocation tables.
```
